README.md, before:

# nautypp

*NautyPP* is a wrapper for [nauty](https://pallini.di.uniroma1.it/) in multithreaded C++ context.
It allows you to test/compute properties on every graphs generated by `geng` or every tree generated by `gentreeg`.
More precisely, you can have one thread running `geng` (or `gentreeg`) and feeding the generated graphs to workers
running some computations.

## Install

Be sure you have downloaded and compiled `nauty` at first (see the README in the downloaded zip for more informations).
Make sure you have a directory called `nauty` in this directory (e.g. have a symlink to the actual directory).
Create directories:
* `obj/debug`
* `obj/release`
* `lib/debug`
* `lib/release`

Choose where to install the static library and the include files, and modify the variables `INSTALL_INCLUDES_PATH`and
`INSTALL_LIB_PATH` accordingly in the `Makefile`.

Then simply run `$ make install_release` to install `nautypp`.

## Examples

When compiling, be sure to correctly link the library and the header files, either using the `-I` and `-L` parameters
with `g++` or by updating the environment variables `CPATH` and `LIBRARY_PATH` (using `export`).

Examples of use can be found in the `examples` directory.

Commit message:

Clean Makefile and installation requirements

README.md, after:

# nautypp

*NautyPP* is a wrapper for [nauty](https://pallini.di.uniroma1.it/) in multithreaded C++ context.
It allows you to test/compute properties on every graphs generated by `geng` or every tree generated by `gentreeg`.
More precisely, you can have one thread running `geng` (or `gentreeg`) and feeding the generated graphs to workers
running some computations.

## Install

Be sure you have downloaded and compiled `nauty` at first (see the README in the downloaded zip for more informations).
Your environment variable `CPATH` must also contain a path to a directory containing a subdirectory `nauty` containing
all the headers of the `nauty` source code.

Make sure you also have set an environment variable `NAUTY_SRC_PATH` containing the path to the source and compiled
files of `nauty`. If you don't want/can't set an environment variable, you can add it as a variable in the Makefile.

Create directories:
* `obj/debug`
* `obj/release`
* `lib/debug`
* `lib/release`

Choose where to install the static library and the include files, and modify the variables `INSTALL_INCLUDES_PATH`and
`INSTALL_LIB_PATH` accordingly in the `Makefile`.

Then simply run `$ make install_release` to install `nautypp`.

## Examples

When compiling, be sure to correctly link the library and the header files, either using the `-I` and `-L` parameters
with `g++` or by updating the environment variables `CPATH` and `LIBRARY_PATH` (using `export`).

Examples of use can be found in the `examples` directory.
